you see one of the biggest names in history
of humble childhood is not enough
silva already speaks in your browser
It's haitman laughter, I think it's going to break.
of the seized fight
ae the fight in his years as many
points with this already happening 1/12
record since the title defense without
successful titles in their
as a place of 4 finalization I think the
brother goes from the fifth round will
open winning the tense if the guild
winning maybe punctuating signaling if the
anderson won by knockout the
This technician, I 'll go with Brazilian.
I think anderson vs
I even saw nothing else for anyone, it's just
he has not bitten demand taking
has improved one is up and the
people thought
a completely different posture with
she's just the obliging sister finds 962 in the
region is certainly very focused
anderson determined well trained and I
I went back on the floor, I think I have to take
very careful with the skin with the legs
because i believe that iran
I'm going to have to work for a
rebel but will have heavy casualties in
legs and also in the calculation itself
tolerate 2705 cattle there with a new
Anderson Silva
in the press conference that counts
with johnny your name i tried it
gold hit ball with athletes
the result to be discounted and
ronaldo was a minimizou the coach of
Brazilian soccer digital selection
You respect that, Mother.
there the prisoner in the door that your attempt
offered close look made only
first while looking only took in
joking we did not accept free and
Rolly we'll see it 's another chapter.
this story
it is being built in this
moment in the moments before the
main fight to revenge
anderson silva so check it out there
awakened in the light goes off the galley
manifested we can say that
Twisted here throw a pretty in the
Brazil until today there is no such
idea of the inventor did not like the idea
but you have the opportunity to again
favor of the planet shocking the world or a
second win against Anderson Silva
the little man who is also the beautiful is a
battler has a story about
up of a family of a victory
spectacular stage career
professional in your personal life
thereby consolidating water
I finished college whenever you go
think of the first round is ten
wins every 15 seconds and has a
type of play the goal is the title of the
conference players relax resulted
in the canopy teaches the cast does not eat right
the doctor in the urgencies ball great white
boy is a specialist on Sunday he was the
America
the young and talented in 2011 is better
even being champion they could comment on the
case
now I started with your coaches for
pilot who to say that I am very
confident in the American victory
He trained a lot for this fight.
he said he refuses to lose and
horrendous english your boy she stole
another victory
the green flag on tv
the engine
hopefully not that God had taken you
You know, he's a very sensible guy.
I hope you know I'm the slow tire
as a coach he knows the potential of
boys do not even talk and I would like my
Your accredited wish won by acting
at the end of a fight but believe the
business until when it comes near initial
that this is a choice of place in 28
premiered at the event only one third
was already making a defense of
belt is the new generation that is
arriving there is good too
roxy generated on this natural renewal 0
company that does not want this
happened a year I'm Brazilian but
is a natural course of life is their
one more time better or out defeated
far away for sure and
chance to play the belt
usually this is how you can be champion
and look, just silva the same posture of dogma
airways
I wonder if it became a board
comparative basic spy 10 29 years
60 and 80 and 83 900 people earn 30
when Mr. Edson whistles a smash
of 12 900 within reach of the two athletes
going to deal with the technique had
happened and not even milk is taking us
the city councilwoman already had idea of the year
as it was parked in the income zone
on the way was jorge plays tomorrow
even so Ana Jorge was even the
answering condition
I'm a bomb from afar but Paul launched
on the 19th